SPCTR-3436 Fix: Global - Resolved an issue where adding containers, forms, popup builder and lottie caused errors when the gutenberg plugin was active. (#3540)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

### x.x.x ###
* Fix: Lottie - Resolved an issue in which the SVG aligment would not work as intended in the TwentyTwentyThree theme.

> * Fix: Global - Resolved an issue where adding containers, forms, popup builder and lottie caused errors when the gutenberg plugin was active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein adding Containers, Forms, Lottie blocks and the Popup Builder caused errors when the Gutenberg plugin was active.
```
